Add some hints to the documentation. (#32)
dhebbeker/task-tracker: README.md

 - quick interaction with an easy human-machine interface
 - permanent feedback on which task is active at the moment
 - provide digital interface to recorded times (TBD: through WiFi, Bluetooth, wired serial interface, ...)

## Generate the documentation

Documentation may be generated with Doxygen. Simply call in the root directory of this repository:

    doxygen

The HTML documentation will be written to [`doc/html/index.xhtml`](doc/html/index.xhtml).

## Build

The build configuration for the device's software is generated with PlatformIO. Please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.platformio.org/) for build instructions.

## Simulate

[`wokwi.toml`](wokwi_files/wokwi.toml) is a project configuration for the Visual Studio Code extension [Wokwi Simulator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wokwi.wokwi-vscode).
Please refer to its documentation for instructions on how to simulate the device.

> ## Contribute

Reviewer: Should be moved to a separate CONTRIBUTION.md file

Author: Done

### Document you code

Please document your code in Doxygen compatible syntax.

### C/C++ source code

> Please format your changes using ClangFormat.

Reviewer: Can you add link to the format?

Author: Done

A style configuration file is given: [`.clang-format`](.clang-format)

### Doxygen configuration

If you change [`Doxyfile`](Doxyfile), please do a ['cleanup'](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71157463/what-part-of-the-doxygen-configuration-doxyfile-is-recommended-for-version-con#comment125783393_71157463) by using the output of `doxygen -x`.
For example

    doxygen -x > Doxyfile.tmp && mv Doxyfile.tmp Doxyfile

### PlatformIO configuration

If you change [`platformio.ini`](platformio.ini), please note that [PlatformIO Home](https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/home/index.html#platformio-home) [may delete comments unsolicitedly](https://github.com/platformio/platformio-core/issues/3862).
In general we want to preserve useful comments in the project configuration file.

> Please revert unwanted deletions before committing them.

Reviewer: What's this statement about?

Author: I tried to clarify that section.

PlatformIO may be used via a GUI (PlatformIO IDE) or command line interface (PlatformIO Core). The project configuration ([`platformio.ini`](platformio.ini)) is part of this repository.

In order to use the software (some call it "firmware"), the following steps are required:

1. Build (the default configuration of) the project.
   For example via:
   ```
   platformio run
   ```
2. [Connect](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32s3/get-started/establish-serial-connection.html) the device with the host system (where you build the software).
3. Upload the built binary to the device.
   For example via:
   ```
   platformio run --target upload
   ```

Please refer to the [PIO documentation](https://docs.platformio.org/) for detailed instructions.

### Simulate

The Visual Studio Code extension [Wokwi Simulator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wokwi.wokwi-vscode) may be used to simulate the software on the device.
The project configuration for the simulator is provided as [`wokwi.toml`](wokwi_files/wokwi.toml).

Note, that you must build the software (using the default build configuration) before it can be simulated.

> Please refer to the simulator's documentation for instructions on how to simulate the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the documentation of the simulator for instructions on how to simulate the device.
```

Please revert unwanted deletions before committing them.

#### Windows Driver

> See [`https://docs.espressif.com`]https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32s3/get-started/establish-serial-connection.html#connect-esp32-s3-to-pc for driver installation guide.

Author: I guess, that [using the USB peripheral](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32s3/get-started/establish-serial-connection.html#supported-usb-peripheral) (instead of the USB-to-UART bridge) does not require to install a driver.
